
# Procuratio
It is an event manager project developed during the college hackathon.It is made to keep records of the permissions of lecture hall,auditorium etc and also to take permissions from the respective incharges.It has an email sending functionality to take permission from the respective incharge online for which sendgrid is used.

After cloning this code Kindly run the command "npm install" to install the node modules Then run the command "npm start" to start the local server.

Check it out [here](http://edgistifyblogpost.herokuapp.com/) 😉

# Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

# Prerequisites
You are going to need Node.js and npm installed on your machine.

# Installation
Follow the below steps to install and configure this repository to work on your machine.

Step 1 : Clone the repository

         git clone "https://github.com/shwetagurnani/Procuratio.git"

Step 2 : Open a terminal.Change directory to Procuratio and install node_modules

         cd Procuratio/
	 
         npm install

Step 3 : Start the server by -
	 
	      npm start
         
And finally the server will be loaded!

# Tech Stack Used
1.)Node - Backend framework

2.)Express - Node.js web application framework

3.)MongoDB - Database Management

4.)Frontend - HTML,CSS,Bootstrap

# Functionalities in the app
1.) Register and login using valid email ID.

2.) Website have responsive layouts which automatically adjust and adapt to any device screen size.

3.) Student can fill the application and it will be displayed on the student and the requested faculty dashboard.

4.) When student will fill the application, then an autogenerated mail will go to the requested faculty, and faculty can reponse via that email only, i.e. yes or no    with a reason.

# Author
Shweta Gurnani

If you have any difficulty in building up the code in the repository,feel free to open the issue!




